README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# Doom Emacs

[Install](#install) • [Documentation] • [FAQ] • [Screenshots] • [Contribute](#contribute)

![Made with Doom Emacs](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/doomemacs/doomemacs.svg?style=flat-square&label=release&color=58839b)
![Supports Emacs 27.1–30.2](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supports-Emacs_27.1–30.2-blueviolet.svg?style=flat-square&logo=GNU%20Emacs&logoColor=white)
![Latest commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/doomemacs/doomemacs?style=flat-square)
<!-- ![Build status: master](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/doomemacs/doomemacs/CI/master?style=flat-square) -->
[![Discord Server](https://img.shields.io/discord/406534637242810369?color=738adb&label=Discord&logo=discord&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)][discord]
[![Discussions board](https://img.shields.io/github/discussions/doomemacs/community?label=Discussions&logo=github&style=flat-square)][discuss]

![Doom Emacs Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/doomemacs/doomemacs/screenshots/main.png)

</div>

---

### Table of Contents
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Features](#features)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Install](#install)
- [Roadmap](#roadmap)
- [Getting help](#getting-help)
- [Contribute](#contribute)


# Introduction
<a href="http://ultravioletbat.deviantart.com/art/Yay-Evil-111710573">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/doomemacs/doomemacs/screenshots/cacochan.png" align="right" />
</a>

> It is a story as old as time. A stubborn, shell-dwelling, and melodramatic
> vimmer—envious of the features of modern text editors—spirals into
> despair before he succumbs to the [dark side][evil-mode]. This is his config.

Doom is a configuration framework for [GNU Emacs] tailored for Emacs bankruptcy
veterans who want less framework in their frameworks, a modicum of stability
(and reproducibility) from their package manager, and the performance of a hand
rolled config (or better). It can be a foundation for your own config or a
resource for Emacs enthusiasts to learn more about our favorite operating
system.

Its design is guided by these mantras:

+ **Gotta go fast.** Startup and run-time performance are priorities. Doom goes
  beyond by modifying packages to be snappier and load lazier.
+ **Close to metal.** There's less between you and vanilla Emacs by design.
  That's less to grok and less to work around when you tinker. Internals ought
  to be written as if reading them were part of Doom's UX, and it is!
+ **Opinionated, but not stubborn.** Doom is about reasonable defaults and
  curated opinions, but use as little or as much of it as you like.
+ **Your system, your rules.** You know better. At least, Doom hopes so! It
  won't *automatically* install system dependencies (and will force plugins not
  to either). Rely on `doom doctor` to tell you what's missing.
+ **Nix/Guix is a great idea!** The Emacs ecosystem is temperamental. Things
  break and they break often. Disaster recovery should be a priority! Doom's
  package management should be declarative and your private config reproducible,
  and comes with a means to roll back releases and updates (still a WIP).
  
Check out [the FAQ][FAQ] for answers to common questions about the project.


# Features
- Minimalistic good looks inspired by modern editors.
- Curated and sane defaults for many packages, (major) OSes, and Emacs itself.
- A modular organizational structure for separating concerns in your config.
- A standard library designed to simplify your elisp bike shedding.
- A declarative [package management system][package-management] (powered by
  [straight.el]) with a command line interface. Install packages from anywhere,
  not just (M)ELPA, and pin them to any commit.
- Optional vim emulation powered by [evil-mode], including ports of popular vim
  plugins like [vim-sneak], [vim-easymotion], [vim-unimpaired] and
  [more][ported-vim-plugins]!
- Opt-in LSP integration for many languages, using [lsp-mode] or [eglot]
- Support for *many* programming languages. Includes syntax highlighting,
  linters/checker integration, inline code evaluation, code completion (where
  possible), REPLs, documentation lookups, snippets, and more!
- Support for *many* tools, like docker, pass, ansible, terraform, and more.
- A Spacemacs-esque [keybinding scheme][bindings], centered around leader
  and localleader prefix keys (<kbd>SPC</kbd> and <kbd>SPC</kbd><kbd>m</kbd> for
  evil users, <kbd>C-c</kbd> and <kbd>C-c l</kbd> for vanilla users).
- A rule-based [popup manager][popup-system] to control how temporary buffers
  are displayed (and disposed of).
- Per-file indentation style detection and [editorconfig] integration. Let
  someone else argue about tabs vs **_spaces_**.
- Project-management tools and framework-specific minor modes with their own
  snippets libraries.
- Project search (and replace) utilities, powered by [ripgrep] and [ivy] or
  [helm].
- Isolated and persistent workspaces (also substitutes for vim tabs).
- Support for Chinese and Japanese input systems.
- Save a snapshot of your shell environment to a file for Emacs to load at
  startup. No more struggling to get Emacs to inherit your `PATH`, among other
  things.


# Prerequisites
- **Required:**
  - GNU Emacs 27.1–30.2 (30.2 is recommended)
    - If only using Doom's core, 27.1+ is required.
    - If using Doom's modules, 28.1+ is required.
    - Tree-sitter support requires 29.1+, but much improved in 30.1+.
  - Git >= 2.23
  - [ripgrep] >= 11.0
- **Optional, but recommended:**
  - [fd] 7.3.0+ (used to improve file indexing performance)
  - GNU variants of `find`, `ls`, and `tar` (on MacOS and BSD *nix)
  - Symbola font (Emacs' fallback font for glyphs it can't display)

> [!WARNING]
> **Avoid unstable and pre-release builds of Emacs.** These end in `.50`, `.60`,
> or `.9X` (e.g. `28.1.91`). Doom should generally work on Emacs HEAD (the
> maintainer dogfoods it), but support lags behind the bleeding edge by at least
> a month or so.
 
> [!IMPORTANT]
> Doom is comprised of [~150 optional modules][Modules], some of which may have
> additional dependencies. [Visit their documentation][Modules] or run `bin/doom
> doctor` to check for any that you may have missed.


# Install
``` sh
git clone --depth 1 https://github.com/doomemacs/doomemacs ~/.config/emacs
~/.config/emacs/bin/doom install
```

Then [read our Getting Started guide][getting-started] to be walked through
installing, configuring and maintaining Doom Emacs.

It's a good idea to add `~/.config/emacs/bin` to your `PATH`! Other `bin/doom`
commands you should know about:

+ `doom sync` to synchronize your private config with Doom by installing missing
  packages, removing orphaned packages, and regenerating caches. Run this
  whenever you modify your private `init.el` or `packages.el`, or install/remove
  an Emacs package through your OS package manager (e.g. mu4e or agda).
+ `doom upgrade` to update Doom to the latest release & all installed packages.
+ `doom doctor` to diagnose common issues with your system and config.
+ `doom env` to dump a snapshot of your shell environment to a file that Doom
  will load at startup. This allows Emacs to inherit your `PATH`, among other
  things.


# Roadmap
Doom is an active and ongoing project. To make that development more
transparent, its roadmap (and other concerns) are published across three github
project boards and a newsletter:

- [Development Roadmap](https://doomemacs.org/roadmap)
- [Packages under review](https://doomemacs.org/packages-under-review):
  lists plugins we are watching and considering for inclusion, and what their
  status for inclusion is. Please consult this list before requesting new
  packages/features.
+ [Upstream bugs](https://github.com/orgs/doomemacs/projects/7): lists
  issues that originate from elsewhere, and whether or not we have local
  workarounds or temporary fixes for them.
+ ~~Doom's newsletter~~ (not finished) will contain changelogs in between
  releases.
  

# Getting help
Emacs is no journey of a mere thousand miles. You _will_ run into problems and
mysterious errors. When you do, here are some places you can look for help:

+ [Our documentation][documentation] covers many use cases.
  + [The Configuration section][configuration] covers how to configure Doom and
    its packages.
  + [The Package Management section][package-management] covers how to install
    and disable packages.
  + [This section][bin/doom] explains the `bin/doom` script's most important
    commands.
  + [This section][common-mistakes] lists some common configuration mistakes new
    users make, when migrating a config from another distro or their own.
  + [This answer][change-theme] shows you how to add your own themes to your
    private config.
  + [This answer][change-font] shows you how to change the default font.
  + Your issue may be documented in the [FAQ].
+ With Emacs built-in help system documentation is a keystroke away:
  + For functions: <kbd>SPC h f</kbd> or <kbd>C-h f</kbd>
  + For variables: <kbd>SPC h v</kbd> or <kbd>C-h v</kbd>
  + For a keybind: <kbd>SPC h k</kbd> or <kbd>C-h k</kbd>
  + To search available keybinds: <kbd>SPC h b b</kbd> or <kbd>C-h b b</kbd>
+ Run `bin/doom doctor` to detect common issues with your development
  environment and private config.
+ Check out the [FAQ] or [Community FAQs][community-faq], in case your question
  has already been answered.
+ Search [Doom's issue tracker](https://github.com/doomemacs/doomemacs/issues)
  in case your issue was already reported.
+ Hop on [our Discord server][discord]; it's active and friendly! Keep an eye on
  the #announcements channel, where I announce breaking updates and releases.


# Contribute
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](http://makeapullrequest.com) 
[![Elisp styleguide](https://img.shields.io/badge/elisp-style%20guide-purple?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/bbatsov/emacs-lisp-style-guide)
[![Donate on liberapay](https://img.shields.io/badge/liberapay-donate-1.svg?style=flat-square&logo=liberapay&color=blue)][liberapay]
[![Donate on paypal](https://img.shields.io/badge/paypal-donate-1?style=flat-square&logo=paypal&color=blue)][paypal]

Doom is a labor of love and incurable madness, but I'm only one guy. Doom
wouldn't be where it is today without your help. I welcome contributions of any
kind!

+ I :heart: pull requests and bug reports (see the [Contributing
  Guidelines][contribute])!
+ Don't hesitate to [tell me my Elisp-fu
  sucks](https://github.com/doomemacs/doomemacs/issues/new/choose), but please
  tell me why.
+ Hop on [our Discord server][discord] and say hi! Help others, hang out or talk
  to me about Emacs, gamedev, programming, physics, pixel art, anime, gaming --
  anything you like. Nourish this lonely soul.
+ If you'd like to support my work financially, buy me a drink through
  [liberapay] or [paypal]. My work contends with studies, adventures in indie
  gamedev and freelance work. Donations help me allocate more time to my Emacs
  and OSS capers.


[contribute]: docs/contributing.org
[discord]: https://doomemacs.org/discord
[discuss]: https://doomemacs.org/discuss
[community-faq]: https://github.com/doomemacs/community?tab=readme-ov-file#frequently-asked-questions
[documentation]: docs/index.org
[faq]: https://github.com/hlissner/doom-emacs/blob/master/docs/faq.org
[getting-started]: docs/getting_started.org
[install]: docs/getting_started.org#install
[backtrace]: docs/getting_started.org#how-to-extract-a-backtrace-from-an-error
[configuration]: docs/getting_started.org#configuring-doom
[package-management]: docs/getting_started.org#package-management
[bin/doom]: docs/getting_started.org#the-bindoom-utility
[common-mistakes]: docs/getting_started.org#common-mistakes-when-configuring-doom-emacs
[change-theme]: docs/faq.org#how-do-i-change-the-theme
[change-font]: docs/faq.org#how-do-i-change-the-fonts
[modules]: docs/modules.org
[popup-system]: modules/ui/popup/README.org
[screenshots]: https://github.com/doomemacs/doomemacs/tree/screenshots#emacsd-screenshots

[bindings]: modules/config/default/+evil-bindings.el
[editorconfig]: http://editorconfig.org/
[evil-mode]: https://github.com/emacs-evil/evil
[fd]: https://github.com/sharkdp/fd
[gnu emacs]: https://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/
[helm]: https://github.com/emacs-helm/helm
[ivy]: https://github.com/abo-abo/swiper
[lsp-mode]: https://github.com/emacs-lsp/lsp-mode
[eglot]: https://github.com/joaotavora/eglot
[nix]: https://nixos.org
[ported-vim-plugins]: modules/editor/evil/README.org#ported-vim-plugins
[ripgrep]: https://github.com/BurntSushi/ripgrep
[straight.el]: https://github.com/radian-software/straight.el
[vim-easymotion]: https://github.com/easymotion/vim-easymotion
[vim-lion]: https://github.com/tommcdo/vim-lion
[vim-sneak]: https://github.com/justinmk/vim-sneak
[vim-unimpaired]: https://github.com/tpope/vim-unimpaired

[liberapay]: https://liberapay.com/hlissner/donate
[paypal]: https://paypal.me/hlissner/10

Commit message:

feat: add warning for custom fork configs

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

# Doom Emacs

[Install](#install) • [Documentation] • [FAQ] • [Screenshots] • [Contribute](#contribute)

![Made with Doom Emacs](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/doomemacs/doomemacs.svg?style=flat-square&label=release&color=58839b)
![Supports Emacs 27.1–30.2](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supports-Emacs_27.1–30.2-blueviolet.svg?style=flat-square&logo=GNU%20Emacs&logoColor=white)
![Latest commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/doomemacs/doomemacs?style=flat-square)
<!-- ![Build status: master](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/doomemacs/doomemacs/CI/master?style=flat-square) -->
[![Discord Server](https://img.shields.io/discord/406534637242810369?color=738adb&label=Discord&logo=discord&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)][discord]
[![Discussions board](https://img.shields.io/github/discussions/doomemacs/community?label=Discussions&logo=github&style=flat-square)][discuss]

![Doom Emacs Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/doomemacs/doomemacs/screenshots/main.png)

</div>


# Special section for this custom fork (@williamdemeo)

## Custom Install

The following installs doomemacs with special custom config files copied from 
the templates directory into the `~/.config/doom` directory.  If you use this
method, you should definitely have a look at the .el files in `~/.config/doom`
before launching emacs.

``` sh
git clone --depth 1 git@github.com:williamdemeo/doomemacs.git ~/.config/emacs
~/.config/emacs/bin/doom install
```

## Normal Install

The following installs doomemacs with the standard generic config files copied from 
the templates directory into the `~/.config/doom` directory.

``` sh
git clone --depth 1 https://github.com/doomemacs/doomemacs ~/.config/emacs
~/.config/emacs/bin/doom install
```


---

### Table of Contents
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Features](#features)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Install](#install)
- [Roadmap](#roadmap)
- [Getting help](#getting-help)
- [Contribute](#contribute)


# Introduction
<a href="http://ultravioletbat.deviantart.com/art/Yay-Evil-111710573">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/doomemacs/doomemacs/screenshots/cacochan.png" align="right" />
</a>

> It is a story as old as time. A stubborn, shell-dwelling, and melodramatic
> vimmer—envious of the features of modern text editors—spirals into
> despair before he succumbs to the [dark side][evil-mode]. This is his config.

Doom is a configuration framework for [GNU Emacs] tailored for Emacs bankruptcy
veterans who want less framework in their frameworks, a modicum of stability
(and reproducibility) from their package manager, and the performance of a hand
rolled config (or better). It can be a foundation for your own config or a
resource for Emacs enthusiasts to learn more about our favorite operating
system.

Its design is guided by these mantras:

+ **Gotta go fast.** Startup and run-time performance are priorities. Doom goes
  beyond by modifying packages to be snappier and load lazier.
+ **Close to metal.** There's less between you and vanilla Emacs by design.
  That's less to grok and less to work around when you tinker. Internals ought
  to be written as if reading them were part of Doom's UX, and it is!
+ **Opinionated, but not stubborn.** Doom is about reasonable defaults and
  curated opinions, but use as little or as much of it as you like.
+ **Your system, your rules.** You know better. At least, Doom hopes so! It
  won't *automatically* install system dependencies (and will force plugins not
  to either). Rely on `doom doctor` to tell you what's missing.
+ **Nix/Guix is a great idea!** The Emacs ecosystem is temperamental. Things
  break and they break often. Disaster recovery should be a priority! Doom's
  package management should be declarative and your private config reproducible,
  and comes with a means to roll back releases and updates (still a WIP).
  
Check out [the FAQ][FAQ] for answers to common questions about the project.


# Features
- Minimalistic good looks inspired by modern editors.
- Curated and sane defaults for many packages, (major) OSes, and Emacs itself.
- A modular organizational structure for separating concerns in your config.
- A standard library designed to simplify your elisp bike shedding.
- A declarative [package management system][package-management] (powered by
  [straight.el]) with a command line interface. Install packages from anywhere,
  not just (M)ELPA, and pin them to any commit.
- Optional vim emulation powered by [evil-mode], including ports of popular vim
  plugins like [vim-sneak], [vim-easymotion], [vim-unimpaired] and
  [more][ported-vim-plugins]!
- Opt-in LSP integration for many languages, using [lsp-mode] or [eglot]
- Support for *many* programming languages. Includes syntax highlighting,
  linters/checker integration, inline code evaluation, code completion (where
  possible), REPLs, documentation lookups, snippets, and more!
- Support for *many* tools, like docker, pass, ansible, terraform, and more.
- A Spacemacs-esque [keybinding scheme][bindings], centered around leader
  and localleader prefix keys (<kbd>SPC</kbd> and <kbd>SPC</kbd><kbd>m</kbd> for
  evil users, <kbd>C-c</kbd> and <kbd>C-c l</kbd> for vanilla users).
- A rule-based [popup manager][popup-system] to control how temporary buffers
  are displayed (and disposed of).
- Per-file indentation style detection and [editorconfig] integration. Let
  someone else argue about tabs vs **_spaces_**.
- Project-management tools and framework-specific minor modes with their own
  snippets libraries.
- Project search (and replace) utilities, powered by [ripgrep] and [ivy] or
  [helm].
- Isolated and persistent workspaces (also substitutes for vim tabs).
- Support for Chinese and Japanese input systems.
- Save a snapshot of your shell environment to a file for Emacs to load at
  startup. No more struggling to get Emacs to inherit your `PATH`, among other
  things.


# Prerequisites
- **Required:**
  - GNU Emacs 27.1–30.2 (30.2 is recommended)
    - If only using Doom's core, 27.1+ is required.
    - If using Doom's modules, 28.1+ is required.
    - Tree-sitter support requires 29.1+, but much improved in 30.1+.
  - Git >= 2.23
  - [ripgrep] >= 11.0
- **Optional, but recommended:**
  - [fd] 7.3.0+ (used to improve file indexing performance)
  - GNU variants of `find`, `ls`, and `tar` (on MacOS and BSD *nix)
  - Symbola font (Emacs' fallback font for glyphs it can't display)

> [!WARNING]
> **Avoid unstable and pre-release builds of Emacs.** These end in `.50`, `.60`,
> or `.9X` (e.g. `28.1.91`). Doom should generally work on Emacs HEAD (the
> maintainer dogfoods it), but support lags behind the bleeding edge by at least
> a month or so.
 
> [!IMPORTANT]
> Doom is comprised of [~150 optional modules][Modules], some of which may have
> additional dependencies. [Visit their documentation][Modules] or run `bin/doom
> doctor` to check for any that you may have missed.


# Install
``` sh
git clone --depth 1 https://github.com/doomemacs/doomemacs ~/.config/emacs
~/.config/emacs/bin/doom install
```

Then [read our Getting Started guide][getting-started] to be walked through
installing, configuring and maintaining Doom Emacs.

It's a good idea to add `~/.config/emacs/bin` to your `PATH`! Other `bin/doom`
commands you should know about:

+ `doom sync` to synchronize your private config with Doom by installing missing
  packages, removing orphaned packages, and regenerating caches. Run this
  whenever you modify your private `init.el` or `packages.el`, or install/remove
  an Emacs package through your OS package manager (e.g. mu4e or agda).
+ `doom upgrade` to update Doom to the latest release & all installed packages.
+ `doom doctor` to diagnose common issues with your system and config.
+ `doom env` to dump a snapshot of your shell environment to a file that Doom
  will load at startup. This allows Emacs to inherit your `PATH`, among other
  things.


# Roadmap
Doom is an active and ongoing project. To make that development more
transparent, its roadmap (and other concerns) are published across three github
project boards and a newsletter:

- [Development Roadmap](https://doomemacs.org/roadmap)
- [Packages under review](https://doomemacs.org/packages-under-review):
  lists plugins we are watching and considering for inclusion, and what their
  status for inclusion is. Please consult this list before requesting new
  packages/features.
+ [Upstream bugs](https://github.com/orgs/doomemacs/projects/7): lists
  issues that originate from elsewhere, and whether or not we have local
  workarounds or temporary fixes for them.
+ ~~Doom's newsletter~~ (not finished) will contain changelogs in between
  releases.
  

# Getting help
Emacs is no journey of a mere thousand miles. You _will_ run into problems and
mysterious errors. When you do, here are some places you can look for help:

+ [Our documentation][documentation] covers many use cases.
  + [The Configuration section][configuration] covers how to configure Doom and
    its packages.
  + [The Package Management section][package-management] covers how to install
    and disable packages.
  + [This section][bin/doom] explains the `bin/doom` script's most important
    commands.
  + [This section][common-mistakes] lists some common configuration mistakes new
    users make, when migrating a config from another distro or their own.
  + [This answer][change-theme] shows you how to add your own themes to your
    private config.
  + [This answer][change-font] shows you how to change the default font.
  + Your issue may be documented in the [FAQ].
+ With Emacs built-in help system documentation is a keystroke away:
  + For functions: <kbd>SPC h f</kbd> or <kbd>C-h f</kbd>
  + For variables: <kbd>SPC h v</kbd> or <kbd>C-h v</kbd>
  + For a keybind: <kbd>SPC h k</kbd> or <kbd>C-h k</kbd>
  + To search available keybinds: <kbd>SPC h b b</kbd> or <kbd>C-h b b</kbd>
+ Run `bin/doom doctor` to detect common issues with your development
  environment and private config.
+ Check out the [FAQ] or [Community FAQs][community-faq], in case your question
  has already been answered.
+ Search [Doom's issue tracker](https://github.com/doomemacs/doomemacs/issues)
  in case your issue was already reported.
+ Hop on [our Discord server][discord]; it's active and friendly! Keep an eye on
  the #announcements channel, where I announce breaking updates and releases.


# Contribute
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](http://makeapullrequest.com) 
[![Elisp styleguide](https://img.shields.io/badge/elisp-style%20guide-purple?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/bbatsov/emacs-lisp-style-guide)
[![Donate on liberapay](https://img.shields.io/badge/liberapay-donate-1.svg?style=flat-square&logo=liberapay&color=blue)][liberapay]
[![Donate on paypal](https://img.shields.io/badge/paypal-donate-1?style=flat-square&logo=paypal&color=blue)][paypal]

Doom is a labor of love and incurable madness, but I'm only one guy. Doom
wouldn't be where it is today without your help. I welcome contributions of any
kind!

+ I :heart: pull requests and bug reports (see the [Contributing
  Guidelines][contribute])!
+ Don't hesitate to [tell me my Elisp-fu
  sucks](https://github.com/doomemacs/doomemacs/issues/new/choose), but please
  tell me why.
+ Hop on [our Discord server][discord] and say hi! Help others, hang out or talk
  to me about Emacs, gamedev, programming, physics, pixel art, anime, gaming --
  anything you like. Nourish this lonely soul.
+ If you'd like to support my work financially, buy me a drink through
  [liberapay] or [paypal]. My work contends with studies, adventures in indie
  gamedev and freelance work. Donations help me allocate more time to my Emacs
  and OSS capers.


[contribute]: docs/contributing.org
[discord]: https://doomemacs.org/discord
[discuss]: https://doomemacs.org/discuss
[community-faq]: https://github.com/doomemacs/community?tab=readme-ov-file#frequently-asked-questions
[documentation]: docs/index.org
[faq]: https://github.com/hlissner/doom-emacs/blob/master/docs/faq.org
[getting-started]: docs/getting_started.org
[install]: docs/getting_started.org#install
[backtrace]: docs/getting_started.org#how-to-extract-a-backtrace-from-an-error
[configuration]: docs/getting_started.org#configuring-doom
[package-management]: docs/getting_started.org#package-management
[bin/doom]: docs/getting_started.org#the-bindoom-utility
[common-mistakes]: docs/getting_started.org#common-mistakes-when-configuring-doom-emacs
[change-theme]: docs/faq.org#how-do-i-change-the-theme
[change-font]: docs/faq.org#how-do-i-change-the-fonts
[modules]: docs/modules.org
[popup-system]: modules/ui/popup/README.org
[screenshots]: https://github.com/doomemacs/doomemacs/tree/screenshots#emacsd-screenshots

[bindings]: modules/config/default/+evil-bindings.el
[editorconfig]: http://editorconfig.org/
[evil-mode]: https://github.com/emacs-evil/evil
[fd]: https://github.com/sharkdp/fd
[gnu emacs]: https://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/
[helm]: https://github.com/emacs-helm/helm
[ivy]: https://github.com/abo-abo/swiper
[lsp-mode]: https://github.com/emacs-lsp/lsp-mode
[eglot]: https://github.com/joaotavora/eglot
[nix]: https://nixos.org
[ported-vim-plugins]: modules/editor/evil/README.org#ported-vim-plugins
[ripgrep]: https://github.com/BurntSushi/ripgrep
[straight.el]: https://github.com/radian-software/straight.el
[vim-easymotion]: https://github.com/easymotion/vim-easymotion
[vim-lion]: https://github.com/tommcdo/vim-lion
[vim-sneak]: https://github.com/justinmk/vim-sneak
[vim-unimpaired]: https://github.com/tpope/vim-unimpaired

[liberapay]: https://liberapay.com/hlissner/donate
[paypal]: https://paypal.me/hlissner/10
